BERSERKER
0: Bloodlust : Killing two ennemies in the same turn refills action points and doubles mp and atk stats for one turn.
1: Slash : Slash at an ennemy
2: Killing Blow : Slash at an ennemy, killing him permanently increases attack and gives one action point back.
2: Fury : Remove all debuffs and increase attack permanently by the number of turns removed.
3: Frenzied Dash : Jump to a tile, dealing aoe damage when landing.

RANGER
0: Sentinel : The first ennemy that moves in ranger's vision every turn, will get bolted.
1: Bolt : Attack an ennemy from range.
2: Focus : Increase by two turns all buffs and decrease by one all debuffs.
2: Trap : Put a hidden trap that will cripple an ennemy that walks over it.
3: Deadeye : Increases range and makes bolt piercing but reduces mp for three turns.

GOLIATH
0: Guardian : Has a 30% chance to block incoming damage.
1: Bash: Damage and reduce the ennemy's defence.
2: Shields Up : Increase passive block chance to 70%.
2: Detain : Capture an Ennemy for three turns.
3: Battle Cry : Provoke all ennemies in a zone for one turn and reset all allies' cooldowns

MAGE
0: Elementalist : After every use of a basic attack, change element (Fire, Ice, Electricity).
1: Fireball : Deals damage and has a chance to set target ablaze. Icy Winds : Deals damage and has a chance to freeze target. Shock : Zap an ennemy.
2: FlameCharge : Engulf yourself in flames and dash, dealing damage and burning entities in your path. Freeze : Deal damage to and freeze an ennemy. Volt Switch : Switch spots with an ally and deal electric damage around caster.
2: Flare : Increases all allies' vision and their mp for two turns, will spot traps. Frozen Armor : Increase ally physical and magic resistances. Shock Therapy : Increase ally atk and magic.
3: Eruption : Deal massive damage in a zone and burn all entities. Blizzard : Deal damage in a zone and highly reduce ennemy vision for a turn, has a chance to freeze ennemies. Lightning Chain : Zap an ennemy, the bolt will bounce to another close ennemy until either there are no ennemies close enough or it has bounced 4 times.

VALKYRIE
0: Precision: Damaging an ennemy has a chance to paralyze them. 
1: Thrust : Thrust your spear forward.
2: Odin's Eyes : Call forth a swarm of crows to deal magic damage to an area.
2: Life Transfer : Select an Ennemy and an Ally, heal the ally back to full and slow the ennemy by the amount healed.
3: Gates of Valhalla : Resurrect all dead allies for a turn.

ANGEL
0: Aura : Heal all allies at start of turn in a zone arround.
1: Condemn : Deal magic damage to an ennemy.
2: Holy Storm : Deal magic damage to ennemies in an area and heal all allies in the area.
2: Last Sacrfice : Kill self to resurrect an Ally.
3: God's Blessing : Double an Ally's action points and apply no cooldowns for a turn.


Cripple : Can't move and takes increased damage from all sources
Detained : Captured by an ennemy, unbale to do anything, can be freed by killing the ennemy.
Provoked : Can only apply spells on to a specific target.
Burning : Take damage over time, a burning target is unable to be frozen.
Freezing : Become unable to do anything, increases resistances, setting a frozen target ablaze thaws them out.
Paralyzed : Reduces your action points to 1 per turn.
Blessed : Under God's Blessing.
Deadeye : Attacks ignore armor.

damage = atk/(1+(def/15))
range=range_modifier * (vision/10)
